This is the company that hosts the second young master's star language entertainment program.
All transfer procedures have been completed.
There are definitely a lot of beautiful women in the live stream.
Let's go.
See how powerful this company is.
Yes.
Hey.
Zhang Dao, isn't this the expenditure of our university?
I heard that after graduation you went to work as a nanny for an idiot.
Why can't it be mixed?
Come to our company to apply for a job as a host.
Zhang Huu pays attention to your way of speaking.
Small size
I'm not talking nonsense.
Group of classmates, it's been spreading for a long time.
Say you want to marry a rich family.
The result is being arranged to be a nurse for a fool.
How's it going?
Are you happy taking care of idiots?
Who are you to beat me?
Tell you to pout.
I'm the fool you say
Okay, little green friend.
Dare to lead an idiot to bully me.
Arrest these two.